	Parasite - Movie Review

Director: Bong Joon-Ho

Definitely, a must-watch movie from 2019, this Oscar Winning first Korean
movie surely does not disappoint with its interesting theme and perfectly
crafted story. Packed with terrific direction and commendable performance from
the entire cast, the movie demonstrated the gulf between the upper and lower
classes in society realistically. The beautifully crafted cinematography and
screenplay of this film were more impressive than the storyplot. Parasite was
a movie with two storylines - one featuring a wealthy family, whose luxurious
lifestyle is contrasted with a poor family's struggles - unlike other movies
with a beginning, middle and end. Not only the visuals, but also the mindset
and character of each artist have been captured as accurately as possible by
director Bong Joon-Ho.


The movie is about impoverished Kim family who lives in slum area and need to
struggle for every basic necessities. This unemployed family of four slips
into the lives of crazily rich Park family who lives in extreme wealth. As the
greed slips in, Kims start replacing all the employees in Parks family taking
over the entire house. At this point, the story comes to a stop where you
can't think how it will move forward or what new you will see in the
remaining movie as this moment seems like end of suspense. But this is how
director surprises us with impossible to predict storyline.

This movie doesn't have many twists and turns if you're looking for a great
storyplot with lots of twists. Instead, it portrays social and economic
inequality through Kims and Parks' symbiotic relationship. This movie is an
excellent option for anyone wanting to appreciate storytelling, camerawork,
and cinematography. A must recommended movie to watch.
